Add archive notice. (#37)
huggingface/swift-coreml-transformers: README.md

> # This repo is not actively maintained neither, for the bleeding edge support head over to [swift-transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/swift-transformers)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This repo is not actively maintained and has been archived. For an in-development replacement, please head over to [swift-transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/swift-transformers)!
```
